speak frankly, please
The Canterbury was reported to be carrying ice, bound for Ceres Station. 
And the loss of that shipment has prompted a drastic increase in water rationing station-wide.
His defiance of the law cost him dearly. 
You always lurked on the side, quite, obedient but watching.
that hardly ever happens, like winning the lottery
when the universe had bestowed so much upon you, you seemed to care so little for it
we are nothing like you
she asked me to hook her up with a data broker
It's due to the low-oxygen working environments
But the company is refusing us medical assistance, and they're denying that a problem even exists
We just wanted to be heard for the sake of our children.
Transponders are designed not to be tampered with.
The matter is pressing
Get himself tangled up in this mess
She was willing to make a sacrifice for us
It's part of the legend you like to leave out
I put myself in the hands of God
They are infected on purpose.
What if it were merely a delivery system? (They are not merely content to fill the stomach)
Don't flatter yourself
I think all the radiation failed to give me superpowers
Usually, when we're in dangerous situations,you hide your nerves by asking weird, inappropriate quesitons.
We can talk all day long about, you know, looking out for yourself. Minding your own business, just trying to survive.
It all boils down to an execuse, and that excuse aren't worth a good Goddamn 
I don't make a practice of it, but just this one time. (If you make a practice of investing some of your spare income,
you'll pleasantly surprised how much can build up.)
Always showing up when I'm in the midst of something.
There's no getting around that.
The captain regards your input more than you know.
Resorting to deceitful or misleading means in terms of prices to entice consumers or other business operator into
trading.
Both sides should refrain from taking any actions that may undermine mutual trust or prejudge the outcome of negotiations.
Did you catch the momentary look of surprise on her face? 
The air is so black with diesel fumes and coal dust, I can barely see.
The way you running your company is beyond reproach.
No matter how close you may be, you shouldn't poke people's old wounds.
I'll be happy to reimburse yo for any expense you might have incurred.
Your argument is built on quicksand, therefore it collapses.
Her sarcasm wounded his vanity.
When it rained it became slippery and sometimes the animals would slip and fall off the roof.
China needs to assimilate a good deal of foreign progressive culture, but she must not swallow
anything and everything uncritically.
Since this experiment numerous studies of cognitive dissonance have been carried out and the
effect is well-established.
It's difficult to reconcile the demands of my job and the desire to be a good father.
He is quite vocal about the dangers involved. 
Mortality gives meaning to human life, Peace, love, frendship, these are precious, Because we 
know they cann't endure.
